Document PGA_API_BASEURL → PGA_API_BASE_URL (#231)
pganalyze/pganalyze-docs: collector/settings.mdx

      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>api_base_url (<code>PGA_API_BASE_URL</code>)</td>
      <td>https://api.pganalyze.com</td>
      <td>
        Base URL for contacting the pganalyze API. You typically do not need to change this, unless you are
        running <a href="/docs/enterprise">pganalyze Enterprise Server</a>.
        <br /><br />

>         Note: the env var was <code>PGA_API_BASEURL</code> prior to collector release v0.55.0.

Reviewer: Maybe we can go slightly more verbose at the start of the sentence:

```suggestion
        Note: The name of the environment variable was <code>PGA_API_BASEURL</code> prior to collector release v0.55.0.
```

<img width="786" alt="Screenshot 2024-03-20 at 1 49 59 PM" src="https://github.com/pganalyze/pganalyze-docs/assets/7227/7c9fa098-2781-42e3-9170-d3a1ffd7f142">
